Previously on "Final Space"...
Gary and Quinn go on their first date
while the Earth is being
sucked up into the breach.
Holy crap!
Gary finds the anti-matter bomb,
But to detonate it, they're
gonna have to get past
the Lord Commander's
fleet of incinerators.
Can they save the world?
Get ready for the epic season
finale of "Final Space"!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Do these fools really think
that I'll allow them
to close the breach?
I was chosen by Titans.
We might not make it out of this.
I wanted to say...
I don't know what we are.
A crew?
Feels like we're more than that.
I mean, friends maybe?
But to me,
we've become like a close,
but very strange family.
And without you...
- I wouldn't be me.
- Us! Us! Us! Us!
- Uuuuus!
- Shut the hell up, KVN!
I will never leave you, Gary.
I will be your deep space insanity
avoidance forever companion.
I swear to God, KVN!
Anyways, whatever happens,
wherever we go,
we find each other
when this is over.
Deal?
1x10 - Chapter Ten
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~
There are too many, Gary.
We'll never be able to break through.
H.U.E., can't you find a way?
We can create
a Level 4 Particle Burn.
Great. While I bust out
my chemistry set,
how about explaining
what the hell that means?!
It means we eject
our lightfold core...
- and detonate it.
- What?!
Your great idea is to explode
our lightfold engine?!
Ooo-whoa.
H.U.E., eject the ...
- Done, Gary.
- Seriously?
I mean, next time,
can you warn me first?
Gary...
there is no "next time."
Detonating in 3... 2...
What is that?
...Boomtown.
H.U.E.,
full speed toward the breach.
We got a freakin' hole to close.
Is this fun?
It is! It is fun!
Release the hives.
Crush them!
Shields up, Gary.
H.U.E., what the crap is that?
The Lord Commander's
hive ships, Gary.
If they eat through the shields,
there will be
nothing left to stop them.
How long will the shields hold?
Shield Integrity
is at 79% and dropping.
That's like a ...
That's like a B-minus!
We're still good!
Now at 63%.
Oh, crap!
That's, like, a D, at best!
KVN, if you don't get
on the outside turret,
I will beat you within
one inch of your life.
Guys, I'm the most expendable!
Congratulations to me.
- Mooncake, what are you doing?
- Chookity pok.
All right.
But you're not expendable.
Gary, the hives
have breached the shield.
KVN and Mooncake won't be able
to hold them off for long.
Oh, no! Oh, no!
This isn't a fight.
It's a death sentence.
Can a Hawk punch
through the hive?
Provided there is sufficient force, yes.
Then we will load the anti-matter
bomb onto a Hawk and use that.
But as soon as the drones see
the Hawk, they'll destroy it.
Not if we send somebody
out first to clear the way.
- I'll do it.
- This is no job for a kid.
I don't see a kid anymore.
I see a Man-Cat.
- Quinn, I can do this.
- We will go with Little Cato.
So that he doesn't
die like his father.
Whoops, that was insensitive.
Sorry.
Make us proud.
H.U.E., get him a Hawk.
- Be careful out there, Man-Cat.
- Don't worry. I got this.
I so got this.
I got this so good.
Oooh, I got it.
I'm gonna get this...
All right, it's ready to go.
To think, that's the only
thing stopping the Earth
from getting swallowed up.
And it's all on me.
I thought it would've
looked much cooler.
Should I draw some flames on it?
I brought various tubes of this.
No! How about you don't draw
flames on the anti-matter bomb?!
Is it too late?
It is.
- What if I can't do it?
- Try your best.
What if my best
isn't good enough?
It's good enough for me.
Have I made things better?
I did!
It's go time.
- What are you doing?
- Finishing the job.
Except I'm the one
taking it to the breach.
- It's my mission.
- Too bad. It's my destiny.
Why are you fighting me?
Because I can take anything,
except losing you!
Oh, God, why, Quinn?!
Why are we in this situation?!
From the moment I discovered
the gravitational disturbance,
I knew this was my life's work.
If you really have feelings for me...
- let me see this through to the end.
- I am genuinely perplexed here!
'Cause I'm ... I'm trying
to stop you from dying.
Please.
Then, Quinn Ergon,
I will use every last breath
to make sure you succeed.
That's a real, raw promise.
- Hwa!
- Mmm.
Hell... Hell, yeah!
More of that
when you come back.
Don't die on me.
Funny, I thought
I was gonna be the hero...
- but it's you.
- No, it's both of us.
Always has been.
Punch a hole for me, boys!
Okay, guys, all together now.
- Thanks, Little Cato.
- Finish it, Quinn.
If only there was
more help to call on.
If only there was a resistance.
Wait, there is a resistance,
and I'm its leader.
Resistance?
Is it time to resist? It is!
This is  General Tribore Menendez.
All battalions to Sector 11.
Reeeeorr!
The hives have
infiltrated the Galaxy One.
Hey!
Get off my ship!
Aaahhhh!
Is this what death feels like?
Not bad.
It's just weird.
Closing in.
- Ah! Am I alone here?
- No. Tribore's here.
And I brought some special friends.
Ahh!
Thanks, Tribore.
I'm closing in on the breach.
Is this bad?
It sure the hell is!
No, Tribore.
I loved you.
Who's leading the resistance now?
I am. First order of business ...
revenge.
Eject!
Yes.
Two at once! Nice shot.
Down you go!
Gotcha! Gotcha! Gotcha.
Wow!
I'm impressed with myself.
Ooh.
- Hey, Gary?
- What is it, KVN?!
- It's been fun, right?
- Oh! KVN!
I guess? Hey!
I had... fun...
It's so beautiful.
Call back the hives and
ready the dimension splitter.
Chookity!
Ooh...
Mooncake!
No!
Ah!
Uh!
Ohhh...
Chookity pok!
The more you resist,
the stronger the trap becomes.
Hey, Mooncake...
We're going to have a lot of fun.
Approaching breach.
Here goes everything.
Ugh!
Aaah!
Ugh...
Agh!
Ughh!
Status report.
Gary, we have lost the Galaxy One.
We still have a left pulse engine.
It is the right pulse engine,
and it is not enough
to face the Lord Commander.
Gary, there's one option
you haven't considered.
You can abandon ship.
I'm not running away.
Not this time.
At one point, that made sense, but...
I'm not that guy anymore.
I'd give you a cookie.
But I think you've
outgrown that now.
What?!
No! Give me a cookie!
I will never, ever outgrow a cookie!
I'm sorry, Gary, but
they're gone. All gone.
That sucks, H.U.E.!
It... really does, Gary.
We can't let this guy win.
Gary, I know that look.
Reconsider. Please.
No way, José.
I won't reconsider.
Gary, you have set a collision
course directly for
the Lord Commander's
Heavy Incinerator.
It's the only the way to stop
him from taking out Quinn.
And I have to save Mooncake.
Do I really have to make
a list for you right now?!
If we're going out,
we're going out big.
Agreed.
We must do everything possible
to destroy that dick loaf.
What do you say
we make an entrance?
Right pulse engine is a go.
What?
What is he trying to accomplish?!
He's already lost everything.
Proximity alert!
Fire!
Rip that ship from space!
I wish killing you
could last a lifetime.
- Ready for your turn?
- Get on with it!
Aaaah!
Gary, the Galaxy One...
is destroyed...
H.U.E., quick!
Transfer your AI into my helmet.
No, no, no. H.U.E.!
H.U.E.?!
H.U.E.!
Yes, Gary. I'm here.
Oh, my gosh.
Don't ever leave me, H.U.E.
- Wouldn't think of it, Gary.
- Chookity!
Final Space Dimension Splitter
has been armed.
15 seconds until activation.
- Mooncake!
- Here he is...
the infamous hero!
The Gary!
Just... Gary!
Yes ... just The Gary.
Let him go!
He's done nothing to you!
You're just in time
to see Mooncake...
...open the doorway of Final Space.
Hang tight, little buddy!
Chookity...
Ugh!
Can't you see?
There is no one beside you.
Avocato, his son, your crew?
Everyone you've
cared about is gone!
All because of that!
And now, your life ends.
But nothing quick.
I want you to experience the
same pain you put me through.
A slow, painful death.
You don't get it, do you?
The good guys win in the end!
They always do.
No.
Not this time, The Gary.
- Don't do this, Jack.
- Why would you call me that?
- Speak!
- You used to like taquitos
and hanging out with my dad, man.
Ahh.
John Goodspeed's son.
Well... that changes nothing!
- You don't need to do this, Jack.
- Stop calling me that!
That person died
the day I was chosen.
Can I be honest, with the likelihood
of pissing you off a little bit?
I don't think you were chosen.
You getting these powers...
was just a mistake.
Mistake?!
- Rraaaaahh!
- Aaahh!
Now, let's take a look
at what's inside Final Space.
Aaah!
The time has come! Yes!
Take me!
I'm ready to be a Titan
and rule every dimension!
No! No!
Nooo!
Gary?
- Quinn...
- I'm sorry.
- For... what?
- Not telling you sooner.
You can tell me
when you come back.
- Gary...
- No, don't...
- Don't say it.
- I'm not coming back.
Quinn.
We've lost the Earth,
but I can still save you.
Goodbye, Gary.
I'll miss you.
Quinn?!
You have got to be kidding.
H.U.E., get her back.
Co-Come on.
Quinn!
H.U.E., get her back!
_
H.U.E., what are my chances
of getting out of this mess?
In your current state,
you will pass the point of
recovery in 10 minutes...
9 minutes...
8...
- 7...
- Look, it's Carl.
- 6...
- It can't be...
5... 4...
3...
2... The cookies will
be done in one minute.
Oh, good.
I'm extremely excited...
- for these cookies.
- Zero.
Gary, the cookies are done.
I'll miss you, friend.
- Hey, son.
- Holy crap.
Am I dreaming?
- No.
- Oh. Well. Then... I'm...
- Yep.
- Well, crap, that's not good.
You see, I was ...
I was hoping for a no.
I was sent to give you a choice ...
to come with me or to go back.
What's... that way?
Lots, and I mean lots, of imported beer.
- It's actually ridiculous.
- How much beer are we talking?
Too much.
And back that way?
A perilous journey full
of death and heartbreak.
Which way is Little Cato?
Which way is Mooncake?
Which way is Quinn?
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~
INSIDE THE EPISODE...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org